DOC-3161: Add new `tinycomments_fetch_author_info` option and refactored callback demo. (#3675)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/tinycomments_fetch_author_info.adoc

[[tinycomments_fetch_author_info]]
== `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+`

The {pluginname} plugin uses the `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` callback function to provide author details for comments displayed in the editor.

This function is called whenever a comment is rendered, and it allows the editor to display the author’s name and avatar based on the current user.

The `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` function is passed a request (`+req+`) object as the first parameter, and a `+done+` callback as the second.

The function must call `+done+` with an object containing the following properties:

> * `+author+` (`+string+`): A unique identifier for the user.

Reviewer: This one is necessary, the other two properties are optional. I think this is worth mentioning.

Author: Thanks @hamza0867 Updated in [commit](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3675/commits/df039f99a9cac36bdccc09de5ade302cf1adaa61)

* `+authorName+` (`+string+`): The full name to display for the user.
* `+authorAvatar+` (`+string+`): A URL pointing to the user's avatar image.

.Example of `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` function
[source,js]
----
const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {
  setTimeout(() => done({
	  author: currentUser.id, // Maps to the `author` field in the comment object
	  authorName: currentUser.fullName, // Maps to the `authorName` field in the comment object
	  authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment object
  }), fakeDelay);
};
----

.Example of `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` function with a custom author
[source,js]
----
const currentUser = {
  id: 'johnsmith',
  name: 'John Smith',
  fullName: 'John Smith',
  description: 'Company Founder',
  image: '{{imagesdir}}/logos/android-chrome-192x192.png'
};

> const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {
>   setTimeout(() => done({
>     author: currentUser.id, // Maps to the `author` field in the comment object
>     authorName: currentUser.fullName, // Maps to the `authorName` field in the comment object
>     authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment object
>   }), fakeDelay);
> };

Reviewer: I think it would be better to have a call to some fake api instead of a `setTimeout`. Something like:
```suggestion
const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {
  fetch('https://example.api.com/currentUser')
    .then(res => res.json())
    .then(currentUser => {
      done({
        author: currentUser.id, // Maps to the `author` field in the comment object
        authorName: currentUser.fullName, // Maps to the `authorName` field in the comment object
        authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment object
      })
    })
};
```

Author: Updating with this with the inclusion of missing semi-colons 😄 
```suggestion
const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {
  fetch('https://example.api.com/currentUser')
    .then(res => res.json())
    .then(currentUser => {
      done({
        author: currentUser.id, // Maps to the `author` field in the comment object
        authorName: currentUser.fullName, // Maps to the `authorName` field in the comment object
        authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment object
      });
    });
};
```

[[tinycomments_fetch_author_info]]
== `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+`

The {pluginname} plugin uses the `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` callback function to provide author details for comments displayed in the editor.

This function is called whenever a comment is rendered, and it allows the editor to display the author’s name and avatar based on the current user.

The `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` function is passed a request (`+req+`) object as the first parameter, and a `+done+` callback as the second.

The function must call `+done+` with an object containing the following properties:

* `+author+` (`+string+`): A unique identifier for the user.
* `+authorName+` (`+string+`): The full name to display for the user. (`optional`)
* `+authorAvatar+` (`+string+`): A URL pointing to the user's avatar image. (`optional`)

.Example of `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` function
[source,js]
----

> const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {

Author: @MitchC1999 should we update this also

> const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {
>   setTimeout(() => done({
> 	  author: currentUser.id, // Maps to the `author` field in the comment object
> 	  authorName: currentUser.fullName, // Maps to the `authorName` field in the comment object
> 	  authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment object
>   }), fakeDelay);
> };

Author: ```suggestion
const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {
  setTimeout(() => done({
    author: currentUser.id, // Maps to the `author` field in the comment object
    authorName: currentUser.fullName, // Maps to the `authorName` field in the comment object
    authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment object
  }), fakeDelay);
};
```

----

.Example of `+tinycomments_fetch_author_info+` function with a custom author
[source,js]
----
const currentUser = {
  id: 'johnsmith',
  name: 'John Smith',
  fullName: 'John Smith',
  description: 'Company Founder',
  image: '{{imagesdir}}/logos/android-chrome-192x192.png'
};

> const tinycomments_fetch_author_info = (_, done) => {

Author: @MitchC1999 this one also.

  fetch('https://example.api.com/currentUser')
    .then(res => res.json())
    .then(currentUser => {
      done({
        author: currentUser.id, // Maps to the `author` field in the comment object
        authorName: currentUser.fullName, // Maps to the `authorName` field in the comment object. (optional)

>         authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment objectv. (optional)

Author: ```suggestion
        authorAvatar: currentUser.image, // Maps to the `authorAvatar` field in the comment object. (optional)
```
